README.md, before:

# Tatl Skips Mod
This is a mod for Majora's Mask Recompiled that prevent Tatl interruptions from happening. It does not include actual cutscenes like the one after Link gets transformed as a Deku after going through the first door. It affects the following:
- Interruptions where Tatl will bring up some short dialogs to serve as a hint, such as:
  - Approaching the pushable block in the bridges room in Woodfall Temple;
  - Approaching the pushable block at the Snowhead Temple entrance.
- Interruptions where Tatl will stop Link to get his attention, such as:
  - Getting closer to the fountain in Clock Town Fairy Fountain;
  - The hallway in the dark room in Woodfall Temple;
  - Moving along the path in Snowhead towards the temple.
- Cutscenes where Tatl moves to another position, such as:
  - Entering the central room in Woodfall Temple;
  - Entering the central room in Snowhead Temple through the Freezards room;
  - Going through the first door in Great Bay Temple.

### Writing mods
See [this document](https://hackmd.io/fMDiGEJ9TBSjomuZZOgzNg) for an explanation of the modding framework, including how to write function patches and perform interop between different mods.

Commit message:

Added thumbnail (with credits to artist) and updated README

README.md, after:

# Majora's Mask: Recompiled Tatl Skips Mod
This is a mod for Majora's Mask: Recompiled that prevents Tatl interruptions from happening. It does not include actual cutscenes like the one after Link gets transformed as a Deku after going through the first door. It affects the following:
- Interruptions where Tatl will bring up some short dialogs to serve as a hint, such as:
  - Approaching the pushable block in the bridges room in Woodfall Temple;
  - Approaching the pushable block at the Snowhead Temple entrance.
- Interruptions where Tatl will stop Link to get his attention, such as:
  - Getting closer to the fountain in Clock Town Fairy Fountain;
  - The hallway in the dark room in Woodfall Temple;
  - Moving along the path in Snowhead towards the temple.
- Cutscenes where Tatl moves to another position, such as:
  - Entering the central room in Woodfall Temple;
  - Going through the first door in Great Bay Temple.
- First cycle hints:
  - Approaching the stairs to Clock Tower before 12 AM on night 3;
  - Approaching the stairs to Clock Tower after 12 AM on night 3;
  - Note: C-Up hints are not affected since they only happen after pressing C-Up.
- All interruptions from coming out of Clock Tower:
  - After returning to human form;
  - Playing Song of Time after a new boss remain has been obtained.


Credits to turboteff for drawing the thumbnail!
